It's over. It's over.
What should I do if it's too late?
So what's the situation with this Wanjia now?
The master's body is still recovering
But he will use this time
Find someone to rectify the internal forces
Wait until things calm down
I will go back this year
Who is it, sir?
It's me Yao Wenwen
I'm for these two days
I came here specially to apologize to you.
I wake up in the shower
eldest young master
This set of keys is for me to apologize to you.
I didn't find what I wanted.
What do you want?
Sir, I have been reflecting on it for the past two days
I shouldn't look down on people
I shouldn't have offended you
Where's your dog?
Your precious son comes up
Master, are you kidding me again?
My dog offended one day.
How dare I let him appear in front of you?
Obviously it's human fault
What's your business?
Oops, yeah, yeah, I know it's wrong.
Can you forgive me?
I don't have time right now.
Please go out I don't
I want to hear it from you
Just say you forgive me, okay?
I heard you are Wanjie's fiancee
You are not good
Gee, I don't want to marry him.
What's wrong my man
I want a man who is upright
At least I have to be like you, young master
You say don't do this
Oh, young master
Do you dislike me?
I never let Wan Jie touch it
Otherwise
Could you please check it?
Master, how boring are you taking a shower alone?
I will accompany you